BH-1216: ACM 0.6.0 Documentation (#74)
wpengine/headless-docs: atlas-content-modeler/tutorial/graphql/introduction.mdx

---
slug: /atlas-content-modeler/tutorial/graphql/introduction
title: Atlas Content Modeler - GraphiQL
description: How to use GraphiQL
---

**Note**: GraphiQL is not an ACM specific plugin. It is used in conjunction with ACM.

### Reference
---
1. [GraphiQL - NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/graphiql)

## GraphiQL

GraphiQL is a plugin that allows you to run queries and has many other features.

### Use GraphiQL with Models
---
1. Click on Content Modeler in the WordPress side menu

>     ![Atlas Content Modeler sync](../../images/acm-sidebar.png)

Reviewer: I recommend updating the alt text in the Markdown image markup so that it describes the image. For example:

```suggestion
    ![The Atlas Content Modeler menu item in the WordPress admin sidebar.](../../images/acm-sidebar.png)
```

All of them say, “Atlas Content Modeler sync” at the moment, which isn't helpful for screen reader users or if images fail to load.
